Update Admin UI SDK documentation for 1.4.0 release (#160)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/admin-ui-sdk/extension-points/product/mass-action.md

| `title` | string | No | An optional page title for the action. If not specified, the label is used. |
| `path` | string | Yes | The relative path in the application to redirect to the action. You might need to prepend `#/` to the path to ensure access to the correct page. |
| `productSelectLimit` | integer | No | Set the maximum number products that can be selected for a mass action. By default, the number is unlimited. |
| `displayIframe` | boolean | No | The relative path will display an iFrame or not. Default value is `true`. Check more info [`here`](../../index.md#mass-action-without-iframe-display) |

> | `timeout` | integer | No | Only relevant when `displayIframe` is set to `false`. Timeout by seconds to the request sent to application. Default value is 10 seconds. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout` | integer | No | Only relevant when `displayIframe` is set to `false`. The number of seconds to wait for a response to a request sent to the application. Default value is 10 seconds. |
```
